All right.
So a very interesting problem here and stolen lunch.
No I just on lunch we're going to be taking in this string that has some letters and some numbers that
need to be swapped from up to J.
So essentially what we're doing is we're going to go 8:59 is going to be swamped with there in place
values of character.
So a would be one B would be two all the way up to J which is 9 and then vice versa if it's a nine.
We need to swap a J and if it's an x ray we need to swap a one and that's what our objective here is
to get R R to get our output here you'll never guess it.
Right.
That's our object.
The only real thing I have to suggest for you is that I use the method split.
I also use has own property.
Let's go ahead and jump in.
And I really did like this one quite a bit and I tried to solve it in a couple of different ways and
the way that I solved it I think was pretty simplistic which is good when you're when you're developing
a solution.
All right so the way that I solve storing lunch was I created a a coat what I called a code dictionary
which essentially is an object array that from 0 maps to a a map is 0 and for all of the numbers to
the letters which is 0 to nine and Ada J I created that and then I took our input here and I made it
an array of characters from there what I did was I iterated through that array of characters.
And if the code dictionary that we created has that property we then swap in that character if it doesn't
we just ignore it and just add the character.
That would be there.
So that was my solution.
There's another way of doing this.
I want to say where you check if it's an integer and then you check if it's you know the character code
value and it gets very complicated very quickly.
I thought this was a very clean way of doing this.
So let's start by creating our array of characters and we'll just call this char's and this is going
to be of type String Array.
And we're set this equal to the note we're passing on.
And when I split that on each individual character next on News read create this translated message
which is just going to be equal to an empty string.
And here on want return translated message that's our objective is to modify translated message.
Now I want to copy this over and I don't think there's any reason that you see me type this out but
this is our code dictionary.
We're going to be referencing zeros.
And when a is one and all these sorts of values so we have our keys and our values were in check if
this the if the key exists or the property exists in our array.
So we're going to do that for every value in our in our array and we can go ahead and swoony the index
value couldn't use a for loop here.
So I'll say let char of chars.
Now all we need to do is we can say
if Originally I used I use the if else.
And we'll set this off and I think I'll convert this to a turner.
But if this has the property that we are checking for meaning that it's an 8 or 0 2 or 9 but if it has
that property we want take our translated message and we want to set it to that value of code dictionary
of char else.
What we want to do is one go ahead and take translating message and add that just add the value that's
there which is the char value and that that is the solution.
So we're creating a dictionary.
We're splitting up area of characters we're then appending to a string.
And if the property exists in a dictionary we're going to add that value.
If not we're just going to add the values there.
I think I'm going to actually go ahead and refactor this as I mentioned a second ago and instead what
I would like to do is I'd like to just use a turn.
So I think this is a fine example of use for turnout.
So what we're going to do here is we're going to take code dictionary has own property.
So that's a true statement.
We want to go ahead and devalue to that
that's actually a question or else we just want to get the value to our C code dictionary.
Char translated message.
There we go.
So it looks a little while because I'm zoomed in a bunch but when you have a normal size font you can
see we sort of eliminate a couple lines of code.
And you know some people disagree that this is cleaner than others I think.
I think it's all right one way or the other.
But this is my preferred method if we can fit on one line of code like this while still having a decent
font size.
That's how I like to do it.
But that was our solution.